yellow sorry I didn't get a lot of
footage I did get a lot of footage a lot
of footage but I didn't get to use any
of it I got to use this 15-second little
piece of crap that you've just got
through seeing sorry geez but it was so
dark mm in the park talking to park bark
lark whatever but it was dark and the
flippy would not flippy so I had to
photograph the entire thing so you're
about to see about 50 pictures and saw
for that sorry they're not moving
pictures but that's all i could do
that's the best i could do show so
they're on facebook if you want to go
back and see one or two but i'd rather
you just watch this vid yeah that's
cooler it's a lot cooler if you just
watch the video it's a lot faster and
easier to so just watch the video and
this is scarowinds 2011 ok bye
you
here's me and Heather when you first go
through the door here's the real captain
spaulding not really here is a big tall
scary still guy here's some chick who
was just weird here is a guy break
dancing in golf shorts here is some
black chick with popsicle up her nose
here is a guy with two faces here is a
guy with his hat turned sideways and
looks kind of weird here is the freaky
ice cream and ice cream man this is
death with glow and blue eyes here's
Heather next to a tombstone here's
heather's standing with some weird chick
and here is the clown that's been killed
by Wolverine there is another clowns
kind of freaky here is some skeletons
climbing a totem pole here is a green
graveyard here's some green trees green
trees and green fog more green fog and
green trees and green fog cool looking
tombstone was Christmas lights next to
it an old chick and skeleton guy here is
death another skill via stilt guy in an
electric chair being killed silver
screams cinema sin get it now this is
what we do to Yankees down here here's
another stilt guy weird here's the signs
for all these stuff that you can do
eternal damnation is the music show that
we went to here's a pile of bones on a
grave here's another picture of death
with the glowing blue eyes here's me and
my baby and here's some skeletons
climbing trees that's what they do and
here's me in death metal not the daddy
and it's supposed to be the whatever red
true
he's awesome the playpen uh scary puppet
yeah ventriloquist oh that's where the
little kiddies go here's another
skeleton with ropes whatever here's
another skeleton with a post in his but
here is a clock with a spider-man chest
on the front of it here is some
skeletons with the flesh almost still on
them here is a skull hanging from a tree
here is me and Heather again who dat
this is feeding frenzy where the
vampires live this girl was kind of hot
and she was also a vampire this guy was
freaky he had like two inch teeth and
there he is again with a skull sticking
out of a post this girl was very weird
this chick was also very weird but kind
of scary thanks for watching happy
Halloween